WinArchiver 1.01
Copyright (c) 2006, Blaine Myers

Using "zlib" version 1.2.3, July 18th, 2005
Copyright (C) 1995-2005 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler

About: WinArchiver is a file archiving utility, designed to convert
a Windows Directory tree into a "Legacy Archive File" (extension .lpk).
These archives were designed to be used to hold graphics and audio
and related material for use in games.  WinArchiver requires 
"la_sys.dll" to perform archiving.

Usage: In the tree text box type in the full tree path (including 
drive letter) to the path that you want to archive (ie. D:\ARCHIVEPATH).
You can also use the browse button to select the tree.  In the output
text box, put the path name of the output file (this would be the
actually archive file after it is archived).  Use the browse button on
that one for easier usage.  You can check the Compress Data checkbox if
you would like the files to be compressed into the archive (the size of
the archive will be up to 40% smaller).  Press the "Archive It!" button to 
begin the archive process.  Then wait for it to finnish, don't interupt 
the process (or the output file will become corrupt).  When finnished
archiving press quit.

Notes: If you use compression the compression time will be significantly
longer.  Decompression will also take longer, so apps that use the
archive will access the files in it slower, this may or may not be
acceptable.  All files should be tested to hold accurate data before
distributing.  WinArchiver is NOT designed to be a data backup utility,
you should not try to archive an entire tree (ie all of C:\), as this
will potentially cause problems in the archiving process.  WinArchiver
will skip over certain types of files (hidden, I know, but maybe system
files to) so make sure the attributes of the files you want to archive
are not set to hidden.  WinArchiver does store path information, for
all the files in the tree, but not the path of the tree itself (eg.
If you compress c:\archive, with the files c:\archive\new.mp and 
c:\archive\test\output.txt" the files would be stored as ".\new.mp" and
".\test\output.txt".

Limits: WinArchiver and "la_sys.dll" have only had limited testing.  It
has been tested to archive over 1GB of data successfully.  The archiving
mechanism itself does not test certain limits so trying to archive a tree
with more than 4,294,967,296 (aproximately 4 gigabytes) bytes in it will 
probably cause problems with the archiving process.  To be safe archives
should probably be limited to around 300MB, and then use muliple archive
files to archive additional files.


LPK File Format:
[ARCHIVEHEADER]
Type,    4 bytes (Always set to (*(unsigned long*)"LPK1").)
Version, 4 bytes (Current version is 101.)
Count,   4 bytes (The number of files in the archive.)

[FILEINFO]
[INFOHEADER 1]
Filename,   260 bytes (The name of the file, including path.)
Type,       4 bytes   (Type of archive 0x00000000 for uncompressed, 0x00000001 compressed using "zlib".)
Offset,     4 bytes   (The offset of the file data from the beginning of the archive file.)
InfoOffset, 4 bytes   (The offset of the info header for this file in the archive file.)
CmpSize,    4 bytes   (The compressed size of the file.)
UncmpSize,  4 bytes   (The uncompressed size of the file.)
[INFOHEADER ...]
[INFOHEADER Count]

[FILEDATA]
[DATA 1]
[DATA ...]
[DATA Count]

The data of the files as they are stored is either the original data
of the file, or the compressed data of the file if it has been
compressed.  It doesn't not have a header, or any date information,
it is just the data.